---------------

Speak to the guards

---------------

The Vault of Braccus Rex

The Vault of Braccus Rex is a quest in Divinity: Original Sin.

Walkthrough
Speak to the guards as well as in the mines.
Grab the loot the Vault of Braccus Rex.
Walkthrough
Craft a New Mask
Tag the mask you acquired from the guards in the mines.
Remove the mask.

Detailed Walkthrough
Find any one of these pieces of the set to begin the quest, then collect them all to finish.
Find the Death Knight armour set to equip the new mask.
Craft a new Mask of the Dead
Teleport to the Demon's home plane
Return to the Demon's home plane and destroy the Iron Maiden armouryyyro to obtain the new mask.
Complete all the sub-quests:
Metalwork
Forge a new Mask of the Dead
Skeleton Mutation
Kill Migo
Take the mask back to the Abomination

Detailed Walkthrough
You will create a mask of the dead by using a forge on it. The face you create is permanently bound by the brick, and the brick will become a bound collar.
You can use any forge you want, but I found a cheaper one that I could find on the corpse of an orc war ranger.
If you have a shapeshifter, you can make one using anything from CGI to oil and water attacks.

---------------

The Shakedown

The Shakedown is a quest in Divinity: Original Sin.

Walkthrough
Speak to the thugs outside the King Crab Tavern in Cyseal.
Speak to the thugs that surrounded the gang's house.
Go to the King Crab Inn and pick the lock.
Unlock the "Ominous Black Gate" gate and enter the cave.
Loot the goods:
Acquisition 1: Treasure Chest (you will have to pickpocket his key for the chest in the basement).
Acquisition 2: Random chance to drop by the thugs (75% chance to happen up to this point); max out at 100% (100 random numbers depending on how you choose to go about it).
Farming the beast:
Farming the beast takes ~40-50 experience. Be sure to pickpocket his key for the chest in the basement.
Farming the beast itself:
Farming the beast takes ~10k experience. A more powerful attack is the use of Pet Pal, but again, it depends on how you choose to approach it.

---------------

The Wild Woman and the Renegade

The Wild Woman and the Renegade is a quest in Divinity: Original Sin.

Walkthrough
After crossing the bridge for Cyseal and reaching the city of Cyseal, the Witch's hideout, the player will find up a hill Woman in a White House dress. The player will also learn that the prime minister is a fugitive from the laws.
Speak to the head, and speak to him to reveal his true identity. The quest will continue after the player has defeated Pontius in Crabs Versus Skeletons/ Into the Dark.
Speak to the head and make a choice:
Agree to follow the prime minister to the church.
Refuse to help the church.
Kill the Skeletons.
Make a choice:
Charmed.
Refuse to help the church in exchange for the Holy Fire.
Merely entering his room grants the godwoken immediate access to his library.
Eternal life or complete the quest to be able to read it.

---------------

The Scaredy Pact

You can get this quest from Aureus by asking him about "Matters concerning the Legion" along with 2 other quests. Aureus tells you that he'd dispatched several of his men to investigate rumors that the old lighthouse is haunted and hasn't heard from them since. He asks you to look for them.

Walkthrough
Go through the Northwest archway of Cyseal, keep heading West past several groups of enemies. You will find a ruined house and a corpse with Orders. Read it to update the quest (180 XP).
Keep heading Northwest until you find the Cyseal West Waypoint Portal. Head West from here and you'll meet another group of undead. Fight them or evade them. (They guard a Hidden Hatch that leads to The Strongman quest).
Keep heading West and you will hear 2 Legionnaires who are cowering under a tree. Speak to them to update the quest (180 XP) and then continue West. (Note, killing the Legionnaires prevents you from completing the mission.)

You'll arrive at the lighthouse and face The-Ghoul-That-Guards-The-Lighthouse boss, accompanied by several undead. Kill them. The easiest way is to burn all area around the boss