Treasure Chest (x:69, y:111)

You will find a Fate Rune Stone on the corpse of one of the elves in the hold. Kill the cultists to acquire a new Waypoint Portal.
From the portal, follow the path north and continue north on the path between the large head shaped boulder and the immaculate camp. When the path forks, take the northwestern path until you come across another large, skull shaped boulder. Approach it and dig in the snow mound directly in front of it to reveal a hidden hatch. Use the hidden hatch to continue to the next area.
Continue northeast down the cave, but be wary of the mines in the fog of war. They will become invisible as you approach them, but will still be where you last saw them. Your companions can step on the invisible traps so it is best to send one character in alone and use the Teleporter Pyramids to regroup on the other side. Proceed northeast down either path until you find a ladder. Use the ladder to climb up to a prison cell.
Dig the mound in the east corner of the cell to enter the next cell, which is not locked. Leave the cell and destroy the Iron Maiden to the north to get a Blood Stone.
Now continue southeast until you reach a room with four Watchful Sentinels. Use invisibility or sneaking to get past them. Use the Hiberheim Prison Waypoint Shrine to regroup. Proceed until you find the White Witch imprisoned in a giant ice crystal.
Teleport to the Hiberheim Castle Waypoint to leave the prison (or if you don't have it, head further north from the skull shaped boulder where you entered the prison) and then go east where you'll find several elementals locked in battle. Defeat them and continue to the northeastern-most part of the map until you run into the cultists that guard the doors to the Elemental Forge. Kill the cultists and go through the doors.
Continue northeast down the stairs. Talk to Jijix and exhaust all dialogue options. Continue northeast and you will meet the Conduit making a Blood Stone. After exhausting all dialogue options, she will summon four demons and then disappear. Kill the demons and one of them will drop a parchment called Orders.
Use the Hiberheim Castle Waypoint and go northwest into the castle of Ice King Boreas. Walking into the vision of the Watchful Sentinels on the bridge will result in you getting attacked by Ice Elementals but they shouldn't pose too much of the problem. Click on the barrier blocking the entrance and use the Orders you picked up in the forge to disable it. Go inside the castle and kill Boreas. Pick up the Elemental Staff he drops.
Go back to the Elemental Forge and drag the Elemental Staff from your inventory onto the forge to free the other Elemental Kings. Sua, the Fire King, will give you a Fire Rune which you can use to summon him.
Go back to the ice crystal where the White Witch is imprisoned. Use the Fire Rune to summon the Fire King. He will melt the ice crystal and free the White Witch, completing the quest.

Rewards
Impaler chance to drop from Vaelanna

---------------

A Dark Matter (Divinity: Original Sin)

A Dark Matter is a quest in Divinity: Original Sin

This quest is obtained when you speak to either the Immacualte at Hilda's Camp or Fabricio in his camp.

---------------

Eternal Winter

Eternal Winter is a quest in Divinity: Original Sin. This quest is acquired when you speak to Almina at the end of The Lady In The Lake.

Walkthrough
Enter the Hiberheim Forest area.
(Optional) Earn the trust of the Three Immaculate Camps and speak to them to update the quest.
(Optional) Free the first 2 captives from the Captives In The Crystals, side with them and win the Charisma game to update the quest. Note that you will get better loot if you kill the captives instead.
Head to the location of the Hidden Hatch. It is by a large skull shaped rock, North of Fabrizio's camp. You will need perception to see it.
While unrelated to this quest, destroy the Iron Maiden in the prison for a Blood Stone.
Get to the end of the linear dungeon and interact with the Ice prison where the White Witch is imprisoned.
Confront the Conduit at the North East corner of Hiberheim Forest. She is found in a building far North of the Hiberheim North Waypoint Portal. Pick up the spell dropped by her goons.
Interact with the barrier at Boreas' Castle and use the spell to disable the force field.
Kill Boreas and pick up the Elemental Staff.
Take the staff to the Elemental Forge where you met the Conduit. Drag the Elemental Staff to the forge to free the Elemental Kings (4680 XP).